Adds initial documentation. (#49)
patternfly/react-user-feedback: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/design-guidelines/design-guidelines.md

source: design-guidelines
---

Note: User feedback lives in its own package at [@patternfly/react-user-feedback](https://github.com/patternfly/react-user-feedback).

> **User feedback** is a modal component that on-premises products can use to collect asynchronous feedback from users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**User feedback** is a modal component that products can use to collect asynchronous feedback from users. 
```

This extension came about when we realized that multiple on-prem products were interested in leveraging the same feedback experience that was originally developed for a SaaS, but it can be used for both. 👍

## Behavior

> When installed, user feedback may be accessed in a couple of ways: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user feedback modal may be accessed in a couple of ways: 
```

Are PF extensions "installed?" Also clarified that it's a modal here.

Author: Yeah I wasn't sure about saying "installed", but I also am not myself familiar with the process of using extensions so I took a guess there. Either way it's probably plenty obvious that you have to add the modal to your product to access it anyways, so your suggestion sounds great!

By selecting a masthead’s help icon and choosing “Share feedback” in the dropdown menu:

> ![Image of expanded dropdown menu with link to sharing feedback](/packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/img/dropdown-selection.png)

Reviewer 2: The documentation framework can't find these images dropdown-selection.png and wizard-selection.png.  If you move the img folder under design-guidelines, you can access the images.  You will have to change this to ./img/dropdown-selection.png.

> By selecting “Share feedback” links or buttons elsewhere in the console, such as at the end of a wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or by clicking “Share feedback” links or buttons elsewhere in the console, such as at the end of a wizard.
```

Author: agree! I swapped these two options into a bulleted list to help the "full sentence" flow across points, but if that's disruptive I can undo that.

> ![Image of feedback options in a wizard](/packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/img/wizard-selection.png)

Reviewer 2: Same as above, change this ./img/wizard-selection.png

> By default, user feedback can point users to 2 Qualtrics forms: a [feedback form](https://console.redhat.com/self-managed-feedback-form), which asks users to offer feedback on their product experience, and a [research form]( https://console.redhat.com/self-managed-research-form), which asks users if they’d like to participate in future research with Red Hat’s User Experience Design team.

Reviewer 2: We should probably change this to describing how they have the option to use URLs, or make network calls.   The user has to provides these URLs for a form they want to access.  The examples where just using qualtrics form. 

I will open an issue to change this to some other form that's not related to redhat.

> By default, user feedback can point users to 2 Qualtrics forms: a [feedback form](https://console.redhat.com/self-managed-feedback-form), which asks users to offer feedback on their product experience, and a [research form]( https://console.redhat.com/self-managed-research-form), which asks users if they’d like to participate in future research with Red Hat’s User Experience Design team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The feedback modal includes a title, description text, an image, and one or more selectable ways to provide feedback. Each of these can be individually customized.

Each option can either link to an external URL that opens as a separate tab, or display a form in the modal that can submit its data over the network.
```

Tweaked this a bit to clarify what Don mentioned.

@dlabaj are the 3 different forms you've built (Share feedback, Report a bug, and Inform the direction of <Company>) standard, fixed things in the Extension? Or are they basically just examples of forms that people can replace with whatever kind of form they want? Just wondering if the contents of each one needs to be documented and included here or not.

And anyone please correct me if I'm wrong, but as much as I'd like to be able to point readers from Red Hat to the URLs we've standardized on internally for on-premise products to use, my understanding is that the PatternFly community site should be vendor agnostic. We may need to figure out an alternative place for Red Hatters to find these two key links in that case... (@andrew-ronaldson 👀)

> To reveal a user’s path to the form, “source” and “feature” query parameters are passed through to the destination URL. For example, “?source=openshift&feature=vm-wizard reveals that a user accessed user feedback through a wizard component in OpenShift. These parameters can be used in combination with Qualtrics filters to adjust a form’s questions and messaging based on a user’s source, instead of requiring the creation of separate forms for each possible user source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

*sighs and 👀's @andrew-ronaldson again* 😄
